Refresh schedule-affected tiles without full tree reload (#8105)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

- The `PresentationManagerProps.schemaContextProvider` property has been deprecated. Starting with `5.0` release, `SchemaContext` is always available on [IModelConnection]($core-frontend), so this prop is no longer needed. If supplied, it will still be preferred over the iModel's schema context, until the property is removed completely in a future release.
- The `PresentationManagerProps.defaultFormats` property has been deprecated in favor of the `FormatsProvider` now being available on [IModelApp.formatsProvider]($core-frontend).

## Schedule Script Editing Mode

> A new editing mode has been added to `DisplayStyle3dState` for working with `RenderSchedule.Script`. This allows dynamic editing of schedule scripts in real time, with immediate visual feedback using dynamic tiles, without requiring a full tile tree refresh for every change.
> 
> Use `setScheduleEditing(script)` to apply a schedule script in editing mode. Once all edits are complete, call `commitScheduleEditing()` to finalize the changes and trigger a full refresh.
> 
> See the [Schedule Script Editing example](../../example-code/snippets/src/frontend/ScheduleScriptEditing.ts) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DisplayStyle3dState]($frontend) now offers an interactive editing mode for [RenderSchedule.Script]($common)s, allowing interactive, dynamic modification of the style's schedule script with immediate visual feedback. Previously, every modification of the script would trigger a refresh of all of the graphics; the new mode instead draws temporary graphics just for the elements affected by the script changes.

Use [DisplayStyle3dState.setScheduleEditing]($frontend) to enter this mode, or to update the script again after entering the mode. Once all edits are complete, call [DisplayStyle3dState.commitScheduleEditing]($frontend) to finalize the changes a trigger a full refresh of the graphics. Example:

```ts
[[include:ScheduleScript_editingMode]]
```

A new editing mode has been added to `DisplayStyle3dState` for working with `RenderSchedule.Script`. This allows dynamic editing of schedule scripts in real time, with immediate visual feedback using dynamic tiles, without requiring a full tile tree refresh for every change.

Use `setScheduleEditing(script)` to apply a schedule script in editing mode. Once all edits are complete, call `commitScheduleEditing()` to finalize the changes and trigger a full refresh.

See the [Schedule Script Editing example](../../example-code/snippets/src/frontend/ScheduleScriptEditing.ts) for more details.
```
